# Assessment3web503

Assessment 3 so far has been frustration due to the fact I feel the guideline is vague. This is definitely due to the fact I let myself miss too much class for WEB. From the classes, I did attend I was able to apply what I learned to my work and get the result I desired. The parts where I have obviously missed are clear to me after this assessment and that's where I say most of my struggle came from. 

The document brief was fairly smooth with a couple of small hiccups that are pretty much outlined with the above struggles. I was unsure of what specific questions were asking me. I did enjoy doing some background work on a project and I feel I excel the most when it comes to using my imagination but eventually, it becomes hard to talk about things that you aren't certain about and this is something of a personality issue I have where I need to know specifics in order to perform a task and if I don't know specifics I struggle to derive my own answers out of something. 

The website build was probably the most enjoyable task I've had this semester aligned with my database build. I feel when I enjoy what I'm doing researching and googling problems becomes rewarding and fun. The part that wasn't fun was my cart... I struggled to get everything perfectly aligned and had to settle with a sub-standard format because I had a few CSS anomalies I was not equipped to deal with. This will come from a lack of experience and lack of time I allowed myself to complete this. 